README.md, before:

# Perl5 plugin for IntelliJ IDEA

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Camelcade/Perl5-IDEA.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/Camelcade/Perl5-IDEA)

Camelcade adds Perl5 support to any Java-based JetBrains product.

Current version Perl5 plugin for IntelliJ IDEA is available in [JetBrains repo](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/7796).

If you want to participate in development, don't forget to read our [contribution policy](https://github.com/hurricup/Perl5-IDEA/wiki/Contribution-policy).

[![Donate to support Project](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/GB/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=HJCUADZKY5G7E)

* [Camelcade twitter](https://twitter.com/CamelcadeIDE) - here you may find links to the most recent dev builds
* [Camelcade wiki](https://github.com/hurricup/Perl5-IDEA/wiki)
* [Google group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/camelcade)
* [Onion parsing comparision](http://evstigneev.com/onion_all.png)

YourKit supports open source projects with its full-featured <a href="https://www.yourkit.com/java/profiler/index.jsp">Java Profiler</a>.

[![Optimized using YourKit Java Profiler](https://www.yourkit.com/images/yklogo.png)](https://www.yourkit.com/java/profiler/index.jsp)

Wiki: https://github.com/hurricup/Perl5-IDEA/wiki

Commit message:

Added information how to build plugin from git

README.md, after:

# Perl5 plugin for IntelliJ IDEA

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Camelcade/Perl5-IDEA.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/Camelcade/Perl5-IDEA)

Camelcade adds Perl5 support to any Java-based JetBrains product.

Current version Perl5 plugin for IntelliJ IDEA is available in [JetBrains repo](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/7796).

You can always build and install current development version of the plugin:

1. Clone this repo to your hard drive
2. Go to the repo directory
3. Run `gradlew buildPlugin`
4. In the plugins dialog of your IDE, use `Install plugin from disk...` option
5. Choose plugin file in the `build/distributions` directory of this repo 

If you want to participate in development, don't forget to read our [contribution policy](https://github.com/hurricup/Perl5-IDEA/wiki/Contribution-policy).

[![Donate to support Project](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/GB/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=HJCUADZKY5G7E)

* [Camelcade twitter](https://twitter.com/CamelcadeIDE) - here you may find links to the most recent dev builds
* [Camelcade wiki](https://github.com/hurricup/Perl5-IDEA/wiki)
* [Google group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/camelcade)
* [Onion parsing comparision](http://evstigneev.com/onion_all.png)

YourKit supports open source projects with its full-featured <a href="https://www.yourkit.com/java/profiler/index.jsp">Java Profiler</a>.

[![Optimized using YourKit Java Profiler](https://www.yourkit.com/images/yklogo.png)](https://www.yourkit.com/java/profiler/index.jsp)

Wiki: https://github.com/hurricup/Perl5-IDEA/wiki
