PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 39158 in perlfunc.pod

perlfunc: perlfunc
	POD file at 0 in perlfunc.pod
DESCRIPTION: perlfunc%2FDESCRIPTION
	PsiHead1SectionImpl(Perl5 POD: HEAD_1_SECTION) at 60 in perlfunc.pod
Alphabetical Listing of Perl Functions: perlfunc%2FAlphabetical+Listing+of+Perl+Functions
	PsiHead2SectionImpl(Perl5 POD: HEAD_2_SECTION) at 21142 in perlfunc.pod
eval: perlfunc%2Feval+EXPR
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 87328 in perlfunc.pod
require: perlfunc%2Frequire+VERSION
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 254763 in perlfunc.pod
eval: perlfunc%2Feval+EXPR
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 87328 in perlfunc.pod
require: perlfunc%2Frequire+VERSION
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 254763 in perlfunc.pod
use: perlfunc%2Fuse+Module+VERSION+LIST
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 365911 in perlfunc.pod
use: perlfunc%2Fuse+Module+VERSION+LIST
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 365911 in perlfunc.pod
require: perlfunc%2Frequire+VERSION
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 254763 in perlfunc.pod
@_: perlvar%2F%40_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 4936 in perlvar.pod
$^H: perlvar%2F%24%5EH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 70296 in perlvar.pod
${^WARNING_BITS}: perlvar%2F%24%7B%5EWARNING_BITS%7D
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 61459 in perlvar.pod
%^H: perlvar%2F%25%5EH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 72034 in perlvar.pod
undef: perlfunc%2Fundef+EXPR
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 360174 in perlfunc.pod
%^H: perlvar%2F%25%5EH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 72034 in perlvar.pod
caller: perlfunc%2Fcaller+EXPR
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 39158 in perlfunc.pod
caller: perlfunc%2Fcaller+EXPR
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 39158 in perlfunc.pod
@_: perlvar%2F%40_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 4936 in perlvar.pod
@_: perlvar%2F%40_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 4936 in perlvar.pod
@_: perlvar%2F%40_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 4936 in perlvar.pod
@_: perlvar%2F%40_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 4936 in perlvar.pod
@_: perlvar%2F%40_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 4936 in perlvar.pod
@_: perlvar%2F%40_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 4936 in perlvar.pod
