PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 254763 in perlfunc.pod

perlfunc: perlfunc
	POD file at 0 in perlfunc.pod
DESCRIPTION: perlfunc%2FDESCRIPTION
	PsiHead1SectionImpl(Perl5 POD: HEAD_1_SECTION) at 60 in perlfunc.pod
Alphabetical Listing of Perl Functions: perlfunc%2FAlphabetical+Listing+of+Perl+Functions
	PsiHead2SectionImpl(Perl5 POD: HEAD_2_SECTION) at 21142 in perlfunc.pod
$_: perlvar%2F%24_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 3049 in perlvar.pod
$^V: perlvar%2F%24%5EV
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 24464 in perlvar.pod
English: English
	POD file at 0 in perlfunc.pod
$]: perlvar%2F%24%5D
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 14057 in perlvar.pod
use: perlfunc%2Fuse+Module+VERSION+LIST
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 365911 in perlfunc.pod
require: perlfunc%2Frequire+VERSION
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 254763 in perlfunc.pod
eval: perlfunc%2Feval+EXPR
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 87328 in perlfunc.pod
require: perlfunc%2Frequire+VERSION
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 254763 in perlfunc.pod
@INC: perlvar%2F%40INC
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 16512 in perlvar.pod
@INC: perlvar%2F%40INC
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 16512 in perlvar.pod
require: perlfunc%2Frequire+VERSION
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 254763 in perlfunc.pod
require: perlfunc%2Frequire+VERSION
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 254763 in perlfunc.pod
@INC: perlvar%2F%40INC
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 16512 in perlvar.pod
@INC: perlvar%2F%40INC
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 16512 in perlvar.pod
$_: perlvar%2F%24_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 3049 in perlvar.pod
$_: perlvar%2F%24_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 3049 in perlvar.pod
undef: perlfunc%2Fundef+EXPR
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 360174 in perlfunc.pod
require: perlfunc%2Frequire+VERSION
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 254763 in perlfunc.pod
@INC: perlvar%2F%40INC
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 16512 in perlvar.pod
%INC: perlvar%2F%25INC
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 17442 in perlvar.pod
%INC in perlvar: perlvar%2F%25INC
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 17442 in perlvar.pod
use: perlfunc%2Fuse+Module+VERSION+LIST
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 365911 in perlfunc.pod
perlmod: perlmod
	POD file at 0 in perlmod.pod
