PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 54292 in perlfunc.pod

perlfunc: perlfunc
	POD file at 0 in perlfunc.pod
DESCRIPTION: perlfunc%2FDESCRIPTION
	PsiHead1SectionImpl(Perl5 POD: HEAD_1_SECTION) at 60 in perlfunc.pod
Alphabetical Listing of Perl Functions: perlfunc%2FAlphabetical+Listing+of+Perl+Functions
	PsiHead2SectionImpl(Perl5 POD: HEAD_2_SECTION) at 21142 in perlfunc.pod
continue: perlfunc%2Fcontinue+BLOCK
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 54292 in perlfunc.pod
continue: perlfunc%2Fcontinue+BLOCK
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 54292 in perlfunc.pod
next: perlfunc%2Fnext+LABEL
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 173212 in perlfunc.pod
continue: perlfunc%2Fcontinue+BLOCK
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 54292 in perlfunc.pod
last: perlfunc%2Flast+LABEL
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 154434 in perlfunc.pod
next: perlfunc%2Fnext+LABEL
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 173212 in perlfunc.pod
redo: perlfunc%2Fredo+LABEL
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 249557 in perlfunc.pod
continue: perlfunc%2Fcontinue+BLOCK
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 54292 in perlfunc.pod
last: perlfunc%2Flast+LABEL
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 154434 in perlfunc.pod
redo: perlfunc%2Fredo+LABEL
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 249557 in perlfunc.pod
next: perlfunc%2Fnext+LABEL
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 173212 in perlfunc.pod
continue: perlfunc%2Fcontinue+BLOCK
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 54292 in perlfunc.pod
continue: perlfunc%2Fcontinue+BLOCK
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 54292 in perlfunc.pod
next: perlfunc%2Fnext+LABEL
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 173212 in perlfunc.pod
continue: perlfunc%2Fcontinue+BLOCK
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 54292 in perlfunc.pod
continue: perlfunc%2Fcontinue+BLOCK
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 54292 in perlfunc.pod
&quot;switch&quot; feature: feature%2FThe+%27switch%27+feature
	null
feature: feature
	POD file at 0 in perlfunc.pod
Switch Statements in perlsyn: perlsyn%2FSwitch+Statements
	PsiHead2SectionImpl(Perl5 POD: HEAD_2_SECTION) at 23701 in perlsyn.pod
