PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 80302 in perlfunc.pod

perlfunc: perlfunc
	POD file at 0 in perlfunc.pod
DESCRIPTION: perlfunc%2FDESCRIPTION
	PsiHead1SectionImpl(Perl5 POD: HEAD_1_SECTION) at 60 in perlfunc.pod
Alphabetical Listing of Perl Functions: perlfunc%2FAlphabetical+Listing+of+Perl+Functions
	PsiHead2SectionImpl(Perl5 POD: HEAD_2_SECTION) at 21142 in perlfunc.pod
each: perlfunc%2Feach+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 80302 in perlfunc.pod
keys: perlfunc%2Fkeys+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 147852 in perlfunc.pod
keys: perlfunc%2Fkeys+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 147852 in perlfunc.pod
values: perlfunc%2Fvalues+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 374638 in perlfunc.pod
each: perlfunc%2Feach+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 80302 in perlfunc.pod
Algorithmic Complexity Attacks in perlsec: perlsec%2FAlgorithmic+Complexity+Attacks
	PsiHead2SectionImpl(Perl5 POD: HEAD_2_SECTION) at 21812 in perlsec.pod
each: perlfunc%2Feach+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 80302 in perlfunc.pod
each: perlfunc%2Feach+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 80302 in perlfunc.pod
undef: perlfunc%2Fundef+EXPR
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 360174 in perlfunc.pod
each: perlfunc%2Feach+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 80302 in perlfunc.pod
keys: perlfunc%2Fkeys+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 147852 in perlfunc.pod
values: perlfunc%2Fvalues+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 374638 in perlfunc.pod
each: perlfunc%2Feach+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 80302 in perlfunc.pod
keys: perlfunc%2Fkeys+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 147852 in perlfunc.pod
values: perlfunc%2Fvalues+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 374638 in perlfunc.pod
each: perlfunc%2Feach+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 80302 in perlfunc.pod
printenv(1): printenv%281%29
	POD file at 0 in perlfunc.pod
each: perlfunc%2Feach+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 80302 in perlfunc.pod
each: perlfunc%2Feach+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 80302 in perlfunc.pod
$_: perlvar%2F%24_
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 3049 in perlvar.pod
keys: perlfunc%2Fkeys+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 147852 in perlfunc.pod
values: perlfunc%2Fvalues+HASH
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 374638 in perlfunc.pod
sort: perlfunc%2Fsort+SUBNAME+LIST
	PsiItemSectionImpl(Perl5 POD: ITEM_SECTION) at 288635 in perlfunc.pod
